Okay, the type is wrong.
Another holy science fiction theme is alternate universes.
And I'm somewhat familiar with the other wheeler-gram, many worlds, interpretation of quantum mechanics,
and then there's the new Richard Gottfielde on how the universe was formed,
and that there might be an infinite number of those.
I guess the problem there is that in either case we could never communicate with these alternate universes.
What are your feelings as a physicist on these theories and on the possibilities of communicating with other universes if they would exist?
I don't think we got a good answer there. Why don't we go on to some else?
I really haven't thought very much about that, so I really don't have anything that I think you could use.
Thanks for admitting that. I struggled over those myself. I thought I was cheating and did somebody else to tell me.
All I'm saying is, unlike gravity where we've got a decent period and it gave us some surprises,
I don't think we really have anything more than science fiction speculations out of the scientists as far as the alternate theory ideas go.
Alternate universe ideas go.
In fact, I just offhand a lot of the ideas I'm hearing in there I would have expected to see in analog first rather than physical review.
Go ahead.
In his book Macro Life, George Zablowski wished you as one of his advisors, what do you think of George's contention that the only way that culture ultimately will survive is to leave the dirt balls and get out into space and wander around?
That sort of thing.
Well, from a very long point of view, it's true. If we stay on this dirt ball, we're going to get swallowed up in a red giant.
So we do have to leave here.
And I think just from watching the way nature works in general is the way a species survives is to settle in more than one place.
And besides, it'd be fun to go out to the stars and explore them, even if we do nothing more than send small colonies out.
Having us in different places, I think would be a very good idea.
After all, England sent out a lot of different colonies and although it could keep in touch with them in times that were short enough so they could get an economic benefit out of us,
I don't think England really ended up richer for settling America in the long run, especially after trying to keep us under some.
They lost the Revolutionary War and so forth, but it ended up with a good friend.
So I expect one way or another that we are going to go out and explore the universe and settle in the universe if we can find enough places that we can settle on without too much difficulty, too much expenditure.
We'll always have scientific colonies out there, of course, but it'd be nice to have a few other cultures, a few other colonies, and they will evolve in a different direction than we will because the environmental pressures will be different.
I think that's valuable.
We cannot assume that just because we've been successful so far that we're going to be successful in the future.
How do you juggle your writing with your full-time position?
Well, basically I write in the evenings and on weekends. I like to read hard science fiction and for a long time I didn't find very much, so I'm having to write it if I want to read it.
Once I got started, I find that I enjoy writing science fiction stories, especially a hard science fiction story, as much as I do reading.
It's basically my hobby out of which I'm making some money.
I don't watch TV and I don't really have any other sports or things that I do. I enjoy writing so much that I do it for a pleasure, not because it's work.
I think one of the things that I really enjoy is when I'm able to put together a world and some aliens and a situation, all of which holds together scientifically.
It's a challenge. It's like trying to solve a research problem of how do you get this, this, and this to work all together.
You have to invent tools, in this case these are imaginary tools, to make the thing come off.
I get just as much eco-satisfaction out of constructing a good world and a good novel.
I think the toughest part, as far as I'm concerned, is doing the final edits, getting the people so that they don't talk scientific jargon, which scientists don't in the real world.
But of course when I write it, I find that most of the characters are spawning jargon and are using things like it is instead of it.
So right now I'm looking at a page here and saying, oh, there is no need to make this a dramatic one-man production,
instead of there is no need to make this a dramatic one-man production.
So most of my editing is cleaning it up from a writing point of view.
But still, you know, it's fun reading it.
And what's kind of interesting, I guess, is a commentary on my own personality is I think I've read Dragon's Egg about ten times,
and every time I read it I still cry at the sad parts. I must enjoy it.
Do you find that the creative process of writing perhaps enhances the creative process of being a scientist and vice versa?
I think that writing is a process of selling science.
I mean, I have always felt that part of my job as a scientist was to try and communicate the first, the facts of science,
and second the excitement of science to the general public that is not involved in science,
because science is at the cutting edge of our intellectual achievements,
whether it's physical sciences, chemical sciences, biological or social or whatever sciences.
This is where we're developing as an intelligent being.
And we're learning more about the world around us and how we operate in that world.
And it's very exciting to be involved in that.
And you don't get much of many scientists admitting that it's exciting, but it is.
I mean, it's part of the reasons you get professors working at wages less than they would if they were a plumber,
is it's more fun to be a scientist.
But most of them are so hidebound and so concerned about their image that they don't want to admit that they're having fun.
Well, I admit I'm having fun being a scientist, and I think it's fun.
I think that's fun and the excitement and everything else can be communicated to the general public
so that their awareness of the fact that they're part of an intellectual and evolutionary advance as an intelligent being
can be given to them.
And I think that's one of the reasons why we have such a spurt of magazines today like Omni and Science 80
and the Smithsonian and others that have, and the Discovery.
All of these magazines are beginning to realize that people want to be part of the leading edge of our cultural evolution.
And I found that I have the ability to communicate that.
Now, for many years, I would only write science articles, not fiction.
I wouldn't have a story.
I just say, here's something interesting I found at the Outskirts of Science, and isn't it wonderful?
Isn't it great? And I'd write it down to whatever level was there.
And those were science speculation articles that I've sold in analog and Omni and places like that.
And I finding that doing it in the form of fiction reaches more people.
How do your colleagues at Hughes Aircraft and then your ex-academic colleagues take to your writing?
Well, it's been a mixed bag.
Some of them have always felt that everything, that all the science I ever did was science fiction anyway,
but those were the mugwumps.
It's very interesting that a lot of people knew me and very well, and were very good friends of mine,
both at Hughes and as scientists.
And the minute that I became a published author, I found them approaching me, of course, with a book in their hand.
And a very different attitude.
It was, oh, you're somebody else now, and you're not the Bob Forward I knew, so I can't just walk up and say, hey, Bob, sign my book.
It was as though I was two persons.
I would find my department manager at one minute talking to me in a manner in which he was dominant.
And then during lunch period, he came by with his book to be autographed, and I found a fan.
He turned a complete turnaround in the attitude of the person.
And it's happened in a number of different cases.
Just an instinct commentary on human characteristics, and also kind of a perturbing commentary on the power of the printed word.
A lot of people that never really used to take me seriously now pay a lot more attention to me primarily because I got a book published.
And it isn't that hard to get a book published.
What do you have in the works?
Unless you find that very useful, let's leave that out. That was a little too ego.
Okay, no problem there.
What do you have in the works? What do we expect from you in the future?
Well, I have a book right now sitting in front of my telephone that's in its final editing stages.
I started it in 1979 and worked on it through 79 and 80 and 81. It's now 82.
And it's about done. You should see it in 83.
This book is called I Call It Ride the Magic Dragonfly because in the book is an airplane that is based on the Mars airplane.
It's designed to fly in worlds which have very little atmosphere like Mars or Titan or something like that.
Well, actually Titan has quite a bit of that.
Sure.
And the setting is around Barnard Star which is about six light years away.
And around Barnard Star are some planets but a very special one. It's called Roche World.
And that's the title my editor wants to use.
The world is named after E.W. Roche, R.O.C.H.E., a French mathematician, that calculated what the shape of a star would be if it was very close to another star.
In other words, two stars rotating around each other.
And it turns out they turn into a figure eight shape or two egg shapes facing each other.
Well, in this case I have two large moons about the size of Titan that are very close to each other, rotating around each other about six hours, period.
And they're not quite touching.
They are the gravity fields pull them into egg shapes.
And the peaks of the eggs, the top of the eggs, are separated by about 80 to 100 kilometers.
But the two planets are so close they share a common atmosphere.
So I have these worlds and the humans are going to go and explore them.
And one of the worlds is a little bigger than the other.
So it ends up with, one of the worlds is a little smaller than the other.
So it ends up with all of the, it is the lowland.
And so it ends up with all of the water.
And so it's completely covered with an ocean.
And the ocean gets pulled up into an egg shape.
So you have a mountain of water with slopes of 60 degrees and a rounded top.
And it doesn't fall down, which I think is interesting.
But that's what the mathematics says will happen.
And not only that, but the gravity varies.
It varies from about a tenth of the gravity near the base of the mountain
to almost zero gravity at the top.
So sea level on a roche world does not mean equal gravity.
This means equal gravity potential.
There's a difference between the gravity potential and the gravity force.
Gravity potential is constant over the mountain, even though it's egg shaped.
But the gravity force varies all over the ocean.
So it's a very interesting world.
And I land the humans on the larger one, which is called roche.
And our reasons to call that is because roche means rock in French.
The other one is the French word for water, which is E-A-U or OO.
Or since the French always put an article in front of it, do.
And I'm not very good at French, but that's the best I can do.
And so we have these two planets rotating around each other.
And in the oceans of one of them are the aliens.
And these aliens are an example of a very intelligent culture,
which does not have any technology.
And now these are modeled along the lines of whales and dolphins,
except that they have another unique characteristic.
They're divisible.
They're way about 10 tons.
And yet their actual cellular structure, their operation,
is more like that of an ant colony than a mammal.
None of all the cells are roughly the same.
And yet as a whole, they're very intelligent.
But any little piece of them is just like an ant.
And so like slime molds or ant colonies, they have an overall structure,
none of which is completely unknown to each little individual element.
And so you can tear them apart, reform again,
or they can be eaten by somebody else, but they don't really get eaten.
They don't get dissolved down.
They just, the little cells get their identity,
excuse me, their allegiance transferred.
So it makes for kind of a different culture because they never die.
The only reason they die, well, they actually never really die.
The only reason they come out and get out of circulation
is that they are much better mathematicians than humans.
And they give themselves research problems to solve.
Then they go off and turn into a solid lump and sit there and think about the problems.
And if they give themselves a problem that takes too long to solve,
then finally they use up all their energy and they sort of dissipate away.
So that's the only way that they die.
Normally they don't do that.
Normally they solve the problems.
So you have creatures that are thousands and thousands of years old.
And we meet them and realize how superior they are in one sense.
Intellectually they're superior, especially mathematically.
But in terms of being able to control their environment, to have any technology, they don't.
So it's an example of a very intelligent creature that we will never find.
With all of the radio searches we'll ever do.
The only way we're going to find those is to go there.
So that's the basic scenario and the basic aliens.
And there's another theme going through the story about the fact that this is a one-way mission.
Humans we send take 40 years to get there.
And by the time they get there they're nearing retirement age.
So basically it's a one-way mission, but it's not a suicide mission.
This is a concept that I've been pushing for quite a while.
And Joan Vinci used it in one of her stories.
And it also has in it the mechanism for getting them there.
And this one uses a laser-pushed light cell.
The idea here is to have lasers in orbit around the sun, collecting lights from the sun, turning into laser light.
And sending it through a very large lens that's 1,000 kilometers in diameter.
And it's easy to make because it's made of pieces of plastic and nothing.
And it's called a Fresnel zone lens.
And this can focus the laser light at 44 light-years distance.
So therefore it can be used to keep the laser light on the sail as we push it towards Barnard star.
Now the question comes, how do you stop?
Well the trick I have is the sail is built in two parts.
An inner central section about 300 kilometers across and an outer section which extends out to 1,000 kilometers.
We take out the inner circular section as we're getting near Barnard and turn it around so it faces the donut-shaped part that's left.
And the lasers from Earth are turned on. Of course they've had to be turned on six years earlier.
And this slug of laser light comes out and hits the ring sail and it keeps pushing that ring sail past Barnard.
It'll leave, we'll lose it.
But during the one year that it's near the Barnard star, the light reflected off the ring sail is focused back down onto the payload sail that contains the humans that is facing the other way.
And so it slows them down and then one year they're brought to a stop at the Barnard system while the rest of the sail goes on the other way.
So this is a way to use a push to get a pull.
And in fact after I invented this idea to get my characters there I realized that I have another scientific paper and so I just finished preparing that scientific paper
which I will present at the AIAA meeting in Baltimore on the 25th of May.
And it's a new way to get to the stars.
And also if you make three stages you can get back again.
So that's another thing that came out of my science fiction writing that I've been able to turn into a scientific paper.
Of course it does. Inventing an interstellar light sail doesn't make you much money.
But one of these days I may think of an idea that will.
The engineer has been sitting here listening to all this and he was inspired to ask a couple of questions so I'll let him go ahead and have the floor right quick.
Okay.
Yeah these are just, oops I'm going to get untangled from my cap cords here.
These are just, have interest to me, I'm attempting with Captain Wray to write some science fiction and I was going to talk to Jerry Pranell about using black holes as power supply and spaceship.
What are your thoughts on that?
Well as a power supply for a spaceship.
Yes.
Okay.
You've been beat out by Arthur Clark.
Did you read Imperial Earth?
Yes I did.
Okay well there was a black hole that ran the spaceship.
Or that the colonists used to come back to Earth with.
And I helped Arthur design that black hole space drive.
Basically a very tiny black hole with a mass about the size of an asteroid, one of the larger asteroids, would be about 10 to the 14th grand if I remember the number right.
But you know it's a large mass.
According to Steve Hawking, the British theorist in gravity, a mass about that size, a black hole about that size would be about the size of one angstrom, about the size of an atom.
Even though it weighed 10 to the 14th grams or 10 to the 11th kilograms or whatever.
And the black hole that size would be white hot.
The reason it's white hot is because it is warping the space around it so much that it pulls particles out of the space and swallows them.
But those particles have partners, anti-particles, or regular particles if the black hole swallows an anti-particle.
And in any case a very tiny black hole acts like it's hot right outside its surface and it meets a lot of heat.
And in fact if you don't do anything to that black hole for a few weeks, you'll get hotter and hotter and then finally it'll explode very rapidly in a very hot explosion.
But if you keep feeding that little tiny black hole food, anything you want, garbage, it'll get, every time you dump something in it, it'll cool down a little bit because it's gotten more massive.
When it gets more massive, it doesn't, isn't as hot. The temperature is inversely proportional to the mass.
So once you've found such a little black hole, you have an infinite source of energy.
All you have to do is keep it fed and don't starve it otherwise it'll explode.
So you can use all this hot plasma coming off from it to do anything you want to.
Run up by spaceship power, the solar system, propulsion, whatever you want.
So a tiny black hole is a very useful mechanism for getting lots of heat.
Now the real problem is it weighs 10 to the 14 tons and if you want to move a spaceship with it, you have to carry it along with you.
So it's not trivial to make a black hole space drive.
Right.
You can hold on to that black hole very easily.
You just make sure that the stuff you feed it is always charged a little positively or a little negatively so that you keep it charged.
And especially out in space, you can hold on to that black hole just using electric and magnetic fields.
In the case of a spaceship trying to use it, the engine room will hold on to the black hole.
The black hole will go where it wants to and you'll ride along with it because it weighs more than you do.
Right.
Anyway, a black hole out in orbit around the Earth would be a very useful energy source.
Question. We can pipe radar signals through pipes like they do in radar installation.
Might it be possible to pipe gravity through some such similar device?
The reason we can pipe radar signals around is the fact that the world has two kinds of electricity.
Positive and negative.
Now the positive particles are the nuclei of the atoms, the protons.
And the negative ones are the electrons that are in orbit around them or if they're in a metal like they are in a wave guide conductor,
they're free to move around even though they always have to stay close to one proton or another, some nucleus or another.
They can't really leave the wave guide or leave the conductor very easily although you can do it if you put an voltage on it.
So when you send a radio wave through a long conductor or through a conductor,
the radio wave is really riding on top of all these electrons.
Now unfortunately there's only one kind of mass that we know of that we have any control of and it's a regular positive mass.
And although they're inside, you know, imaginary mass is allowed by the special theory of relativity and negative mass is allowed by the general theory of relativity.
We have found it.
Anti-matter is not negative mass.
It's just regular mass that has anti-quantum particles, quantum properties, not anti-mass properties.
So we don't have any anti-matter because we don't have any negative matters.
Now if we did, then we could make something like a wave guide or a conductor and we could pipe gravity waves around.
But we don't have it and so until we find a method of making negative matter, we can't use that analogy.
Now back in 1961 I wrote a scientific paper which explained the analogy between electricity, magnetism, on one hand, and gravity on the other hand.
And I showed that the Einstein equations, when they're reduced to elementary things, but still accurately, scientifically, show a great similarity to the equations for electricity and magnetism.
So if anything you can do with electricity and magnetism, you should be able to do with gravity, except some things are not allowed because you don't have negative gravity.
So that your general feelings are right, that you ought to be able to pipe gravity around, but unfortunately we don't have the tools to do with it.
Right, in other words, probably no anti-gravity.
Oh no. You can make a negative electric field using only positive charges.
So you can make negative gravity fields using only positive masses.
Okay.
And you want me to tell you?
Let me just tell you, basically my ships, as they exist right now, they keep changing the way I run.
They may never make it the paper because they keep changing so much.
But apparently they simply lift themselves using the gravity generated by the gravity present in the vehicle, in other words, lifting itself by its own bootstraps, as it were.
Well, you have a momentum problem there.
You may have enough energy to do it, but you violate the law of conservation momentum.
And so what you've got to do is find some way around that.
Now, one of the ways is if you have negative matter.
That's minus m.
And you push it and give it a velocity v.
And its momentum is minus m times v, or negative momentum.
So one of the ways to get around the problem is to say that you're going to convert your positive matter into negative matter.
And then every time you push a piece of negative matter, it comes towards you instead of going away.
And that means that the earth will try and pull on that negative matter.
Oops, I'm wrong.
I forgot.
It pulls on it with a negative force so it won't work.
But no, I'm afraid that one is...
Anyway, it is possible to make negative gravity fields, but it requires a very heavy machine to do it so the machine can't lift itself.
Okay, well, that one's going in the trash can then.
Well, not necessarily.
All you have to do is, you know, as a writer, you're allowed one or two things that are necessary to make the story work.
And are the differences about which you build your story around.
In other words, suppose that you could levitate.
And you have to come up with some kind of plausible mechanism.
Which you haven't done yet.
Nope.
But for instance, you might talk about negative matter.
And the fact that you've got a machine that turns positive matter into negative matter.
Now, negative matter has the instinct property that either tracks positive matter and positive matter.
In fact, tracks all matter.
I mean, negative matter repels all matter, including positive matter.
And positive matter attracts negative matter.
And so if you have a negative matter ball and a positive matter ball side by side, they'll attract each other with a very weak gravity field, not their dense.
But the positive one will attract the negative one.
The negative one will push the positive ones.
They'll both move off in the same direction.
Constantly increasing in velocity.
All of this is in my analog article in 1975.
One of these days I'm going to write an article which uses that as a space drive.
But I haven't done it yet.
And the amazing thing is, is that no law of energy or momentum is violated.
Because if you have a mass moving with a velocity v, it has an energy one half mv squared, right?
And if you have a negative mass moving with the same velocity, it has an energy of minus one half mv squared.
And so therefore, even though you started with two particles that rest with no energy, they both accelerate according to the force laws.
You're not violating the law of conservation of energy because the total energy of the system is zero.
Because the positive mass is gaining positive energy.
The negative mass is gaining negative energy and yet they're both moving.
And if your positive mass is carrying a spacecraft along, your spacecraft along with it, well, you're ahead of the game.
They also don't violate momentum because one momentum is mv and the other is minus mv.
So the total momentum is also zero.
Even though they're both now moving at the speed of light.
So, you know, there's ways to use gravity to get spacecraft propulsion, but you've got to be a little careful how you do it.
Otherwise you can get something that the people don't want to read.
Yeah, I'm going to go back to the drawing board and do a little more work on my spaceship.
Why do you want the spacecraft to run in gravity?
I don't know, what do you want to do with the spacecraft?
Because I can tell you lots of ways to move the spacecraft.
Well, basically, I wanted it to have a relatively...
It appeared to me that a craft that could manipulate its own gravitational forces would be pretty flexible as far as going just about anywhere it wanted to.
So, under normal conditions, you know, landing upon planets similar to ours or similar to Mars, similar to the moon, you know, it would probably have a relatively rapid acceleration rate.
You could travel fairly quickly through the...between points.
Are you going to give it more than one G?
Possibly.
Well, and then what are the humans going to do? Are you going to have an anti-gravity field for them or what?
Yeah, that's what I had the question about piping gravity around.
Supposedly, if I could pipe the gravity around, then I could control it.
If I can't pipe the gravity around, I can't do that. I've got to work up something else.
Well, you know, lots of people have written stories about those kind of machines.
In fact, I think David Brinn's Sun Diver uses something akin to that.
He just, you know, postulates it and doesn't really explain it very well.
But the important thing is he described the effects so well that I let him get away with it.
For instance, what he had is a saucer-shaped object that was going to operate on the Sun.
And he had a central plane that was basically fairly thin and flat.
And everything was attracted toward it.
And so that when you walked around the shell, you immediately turned over and you were talking.
You were upside down and talking. He described it well enough that I was willing to let him get away with it.
Even though I knew it wasn't possible to do it physically.
So I think that's better be what you ought to do.
You ought to come up with a design for the gravity pipe.
Say you've got a gravity pipe, okay?
Don't try and explain to me how it works because you can't.
But explain its effects.
And what it would be like to live in that thing until I'm willing to live in that universe.
Even though, as a scientist, you haven't explained how to make that gravity pipe.
I'm willing to give you that.
But what you've got to do is make the scenery and the effects so weird and yet so consistent and so believable
that I'm willing to stop wondering how the hell does he make gravity pipes?
And that if your story is interesting enough, I will.
Alright, I know what you're...
You've got a basic idea on what you want to do with it.
I think instead of trying to make it scientifically accurate,
you can't, as far as I know, with our present scientific knowledge,
just use the analogies with electricity and magnetism and say that they have been developed in Einstein's theories,
have not been superseded but have been improved on and people found a way to pipe gravity
and they'll try to explain how.
But then describe the effects and what you're able to do with it and do it in a consistent manner.
I don't know what excuse you're going to have in the back of your mind.
But do it in a consistent manner and maybe you'll get something that will allow for what is called a suspension of disbelief.
Is that right?
Yeah, yeah, that's what every good science fiction author aims for.
Unless you write a story that doesn't require any of that.
Right, yeah.
Actually, for instance, in Dragonfeg, the six masses are not quite in a perfect orbit.
And also there's another little problem with Dragonfeg, which a few people have found mentioned to me and I knew
and there wasn't much I could do about it, is that using a heat cycle,
the plants I had on Dragonfeg had a root stuck into the hot soil and used their canopy to radiate heat to the universe.
So they worked between the temperature difference between the hot soil and the cold universe
instead of the hot sun as we do and the evaporation like the plants do here.
If you calculate the amount of energy that could be gotten out of a thermal cycle,
you wouldn't be able to move many nuclear molecules with it.
Basically, it would take something like a thousand years for a plant to develop enough energy to get a pod to nourish one nuclear operating beam.
So the plants are not viable on Dragonfeg.
Everything else is the best one.
I only have one more question.
That's the one on wormholes as a possibility of superseding faster than light travel, getting from here to there in a split second.
Okay. Wormholes are one particular type of space warp.
And I presume you're talking about the John Wheeler wormholes that come out of his geometrodynamic theory.
Yes.
Those wormholes are about 10 to minus 35 centimeters across.
And what's more important is that using the geometrodynamic theory, Wheeler gave his students the problem of,
can you get through a wormhole and out the other side faster than it takes you to go across the top?
And the student proved, no, it's not true. It takes you longer to go through the wormhole and does across the top.
So the wormhole idea is a way of getting from one place to another without going in between.
It uses a theory which is not as good as the Einstein theory because it doesn't seem to predict the right thing,
but it's a self-consistent theory.
In that own theory, people have shown that it isn't a faster than light mechanism.
So, you know, outside of the fact that it's too small to get through, it's not a factor, it's not a speed of light mechanism
because in the very same theory that allows it, it proves it's not.
Now, in the Einstein theory, we have a method for making an entry into a hyperspace, okay?
And we know we can make it big enough to get people through that hole.
Now, what has not been proved in the same theory is that you can make another one somewhere else
and that the hyperspace root is shorter. That has not been proved.
But the fact that you have a method of going into hyperspace is interesting in itself
and the fact that while you're in that hyperspace, you can go back and forward in time is even more important.
And in fact, most people that have studied time travel and space warps have found that if you can do time travel,
then you can make a space warp and if you can make a space warp, you can do time travel.
Time travel is going from one point in time to another faster than you normally would be able to, right?
Right.
And space travel is going from one point in space to another point in space faster than you ought to.
And according to Einstein's special theory, there's no difference between space and time.
So saying one is equivalent to saying the other.
Okay.
So that if you can travel in time and according to the Kermet and the Brandon Carter analysis of the Kermetrick,
you can travel in time and the Tipper time two-way time machine, which is a spinning cylinder of black mass,
black hole density, also allows you to travel in time, indicates that even though we haven't proven in the Einstein theory
that you can go from one place to another faster than in between why they're equivalent.
And so that you probably can one of these days somebody will prove that the Einstein gravity theory allows travel from one point in space
to another faster than speed of light.
Whether you can really do it or not is another matter.
Okay.
That answers both of my questions. I appreciate it very much.
Okay, very good.
Thank you.